TODO List - Flaws, Bugs, Features and Tasks
-------------------------------------------
This document was created to keep track of bugs found and resolved during the
testing phase. Some features were evaluated throughout the process, and some
were left undone or unresolved because of time constraints. They will be
analyzed and entered into the defficiency list of our system document. We have
seperated the resolved and unresolved issues for convenience.

Updated: Sunday, Nov 14th, 2008

Unresolved
----------

- FEATURE: We forgot to let appointments convert to sales for final processing.

P BUG: Dialog repositioning and sizing must be fixed for all dialogs, its
  horrible right now.

P BUG: Search sale need to work. It currently returns no results.
  > We need to have this working, its going to be needed. Nov 10th, 2008
  > Thinking of making sales search work in the same way as all other record
    types. Nov13

P BUG: When someone is changing Salon Hours or Employee Hours, we should never
  allow them to edit them outside the limits based on existing scheduled data.

P Bug: Fix the end time render for appointments dialog.

! FEATURE: User HELP icon that opens seperate page for help in all screens.
  > This is for user friendliness. Nov10

- TASK: Servlets are unprotected from non-authorizes calls, if we have time we
  need to also get this done like the tag does.

- TASK: Fill product and services database with basic salon data! (we need lots
  of producs and services that MOST salons would have. We could also make the
  starter wizard let the people pick what product brands they carrie, and we
  insert only that data.

- TASK: Create a wizard application for installation that will also allow the
  installer to set the basic Salon information to be inserted into the database
  before people start to log in.
  > I think it would be a LOT easier to detect the salon record on the first
    user login, and this will allow the first user to setup their account, and
    salon details to start the app off. Nov12
  > Philippe created the First Time Setup page that we will use as part 2 of the
    setup procedure. Nov13

- TASK: JavaDoc everything and document javascript to some degree.
  > Philippe has gone over all hs.objects.* classes, cleaned up javadoc and
    formatting. Nov10

- TASK: Check all file headers.
  > Philippe checked all file headers in hs.objects.* classes. Nov10

- TASK: Clean up any unwanted code, and WTFs or others...
  > Philippe cleaned up all unwanted code from hs.objects.* classes. Nov10

Resolved
--------

- FLAW (RESOLVED): Enforce Limit of Hair Stations (when creating schedule
  entries) we cannot allow booking of more stylists than we can fit into the
  salon. Do we really need beauty stations? We have no way to tell the
  difference between hair and beauty stations right now, so we should just have
  Stations period.
  > Philippe fixed by removing the concept of hair stations and beauty stations.
    This limit would only provide some probably non-essential control to running
    a business. Most managers would be able to make sure they do not schedule
    too many people for their salon capacity. Nov10

- FLAW (RESOLVED): We totally forgot to use Employee Availability in the
  scheduler. It should be displaying something like we use in the appointment
  schedule (unavailable time). But instead this would be for the staff 
  scheduler, so that the manager does not book outside of the available time.
  > This flaw has been concidered Urgent. Nov10
  > Joey and Philippe fixed this flaw, Nov11

- FLAW (RESOLVED): We should be taking the Salon business hours and storing 
  them into a new schedule table that stores only the hours of operations for
  any given day. We should use this table instead to load business hours in all
  places in the code. If business hour data is not available in the DB, we
  should create a new entry on-the-fly that uses the salon business hours. This
  makes sure that we store salon hours for all days, and makes sure changing 
  business hours after entering data does not change the rendering of previously
  set days. If we do this though we will then have to allow a way to change
  business hours for previous days (this requires a new interface somehow to
  change hours of operation for 1 business day).
  > This flaw has been concidered as high priority as this is a negative aspect
    of the schedule information that could cause serious problems in rendering
    each day. Nov10
  > Philippe resolved this issue by providing a new bean ScheduleHoursBean and
    mechanisms to store the business hours based on salon defaults when schedule
    entries are created. Nov10
  > Found that this flaw extended to the available hours for employees. Nov11
  > Philippe fixed the problem completely by also taking a snapshot of
    employee hours and storing them for future lookups for old or future days.

- FEATURE (RESOLVED): Make the preferences dialog actually work to set 
  availability and password update.
  > This must work for user session control and scheduling limits for employees.
  > Split dialog into change password and change availability. Nov12

- FEATURE (RESOLVED): Add a legend for cell types in the scheduler and calendar
  views.
  > This is necessary for good user friendliness. Nov10
  > Philippe completed the legends in calendar and scheduler. Nov14

- FEATURE (RESOLVED): Add a tooltip on cells to show the date/start/end time.
  > This feature is non-essential and will make it in if we have time. Nov10
  > Joey and Philippe completed this. Nov14

- FEATURE (RESOLVED): Next/Previous buttons in Calendar/Scheduler need to all work.
  > Philippe finished this task. Nov14

- BUG (RESOLVED): Only show alert for 1 record type, always keep latest. Show date column
  in alert list too.
  > Fixed, it will delete any type+record alert. Nov14

- BUG (RESOLVED): Do not allow anyone to create an appointment if no services
  are selected.
  > Joey fixed this. Nov13

- BUG (RESOLVED): Employees can move schedule entries around, only Managers
  should be able to.
  > Joey fixed this bug Nov10

- BUG (RESOLVED): Fix all the form pages from taking ENTER keystroke to "SAVE"
  records.
  > Joey fixed this bug on Nov10

- BUG (RESOLVED): Remove comparator from all the beans.
  > Philippe cleaned all that up and used Comparable instead. Nov10

- BUG (RESOLVED): Do not let scheduler or appointment drag cells outside of
  bounds (dissapear on drop).
  > Joey fixed this bug. Nov11

- BUG (RESOLVED): Calendar is extremely slow to load up because of inefficient
  database usage.
  > Philippe resolved by making custom range queries to build calendar. Nov15
  > Philippe also did the same loading for schedule data. Nov15

- BUG (RESOLVED): Fix blackout so that it uses the document height/width, not
  the browser viewing area, also, make blackout everytime we show a popup, do
  not use the same blackout each time.
  > Philippe fixed this issue well enough for our purposes, the blackouts now
    take the full size of he browser window, but it does not resize with the 
    browser. Nov12

- BUG (RESOLVED): The cells in Employee Schedule view turn from Blue to Green 
  after first refresh.
  > Joey fixed this bug. Nov12

- BUG (RESOLVED): Add the duration Hour+Minute Combo boxes for Services 
  maintain and create pages.
  > Philippe resolved this. Nov12

- BUG (RESOLVED): Make sure alerts can be deleted one by one, or all at once.
  > Must have this available to managers. Nov10
  > Deleting one works. Nov14
  > Delete all works for manager, Nov14

- BUG (RESOLVED): Pages are not protected by the TAG that is supposed to
  validate employees.
  > Joey fixed this one by adding to all JSPs.

- BUG (RESOLVED): Dialog boxes need to have input fields cleared if used twice
  or more.
  > Joey resolved these issues. Nov12

- BUG (RESOLVED): Delete button in appointment dialog needs to be hidden when 
  creating new entry.
  > Joey fixed this. Nov12

- BUG (RESOLVED): In a one hour availability, if we use 45 minutes in an
  appointment, then we try and add a 15 minute service, it will not allow us.
  > Philippe fixed the bug in the servlet that was causing this. Nov13

- BUG (RESOLVED): When deleting schedule entries, or moving them, we are not
  even checking if there is already booked appointments data for those entries.
  > Philippe and Joey fixed this bug together. Nov13

- BUG (RESOLVED): Appointment view does not refresh.
  > Joey fixed this. Nov14

- BUG: Refresh is causing almost unusable performance in appointment
  and scheduler screens.
  > Joey fixed this by allowing 1 minute refresh, the previous one refreshes too often. Nov14

- BUG: Start Time/End Time do not render in the Employee scheduler dialog.
  > Joey fixed this. Nov14

- BUG: Make errors in appointment creation/edit dialog more obvious.
  > Joey fixed this by showing red color on errors. Nov14

- BUG: Input checking in all Dialogs must highlight fields RED when finishing and stop processing.
  > Joey fixed this. Nov14

- TASK (RESOLVED): Complete server and client side checking, especially for 
  numerical values. (dont allow alpha in number box)
  > Philippe resolved this task by adding a decimal/number checker in 
    tools.js. Nov12

- TASK (RESOLVED): Make sure we are using the proper search parameters for all
  search screens and dialogs.
  > Philippe completed this and removed some in services and products. Nov12


Backburner
----------

- FEATURE: The manager should have a quick way to book a schedule day quickly 
  based on the employee availability records.
  > This feature would certainly be useful, however is lower priority at this 
    point. Nov10

- FEATURE: Finish any alerts that we need to create for the user throughout 
  the app.
  > Non essential at this point. We have inventory alerts, and more could be
    created but there are time constraints. Nov10
  > Inventory alerts will be the only ones based on time. Nov14

- FLAW: Exceptions are non-repeatable, and they must be constantly managed
  by the employees and managers. Technically exceptions should not have
  years, if they do, we should have a flag for "Once" or "Repeat" so that
  when the exception passes, we create a new one.
  > We concidered this a minor issue, we do not have time to resolve. Nov10
